# Transcript - 2026-06-27 13:15:45

Im at a hackatho vercel, supabase, auth-0, resend, anotrhopic.  I'd like to use next.js thanks for joining us! so I'd like to build a key drive for a Pokemon um, I can see the Pokemon this is taking, uh, simulating games, using creations making the game out of it and I feel like that's kind of why I'm good at this. I play every game. I have a team. take care, bye. And then either a game or something like that. And then Mirofish pretend to create soccer players and have them play and make events that they give events. So yeah, that's kind of like a gaming engine. Streaming events basically. So if it was like a... Like a FIFA video game. And, a lot of characters in the history of the game are still in school, so it's really hard to figure out who they are. So, I don't know what I should do next, but I'll just try. I think it's really exciting. So, I'm going to bring you back into it. And there's a lot of things non-game related. So, there's a lot to show here. So, you can actually play some games. And listen to the game you want to hear. I think it's interesting. We're gonna have a discussion along the way on how we translate ourselves, why do I like New York and who I hate. Just upstate what's opposing that point of view. Just one thing, about America... I respect your cientical view, I think it's my area. My reason for caring and agree completely with that I have some courage thoughts of your kind.... I don't want to repeat myself, the results are great. I love toyo. a a a a a a a a a a a he might have a a a a a a a a a a a a a and build it out, and present it as a project. And I think it's going to be really useful for people to actually see what it looks like. There's an interface which we could do in terms of the game environment, and the actual material, and so on, and from each game. They would start based on the actual tournament schedule which I would feed to you. We'd have to define the rosters so we'd have to create a schema for the actual tournament. And to see what it is, we'd have to assign players with the history so we'd have to create a schema for the actual tournament.
